you like we have a lot of preparation to
do but but hopefully we have some
surprises if we make it yes well as day
three of MSI with coverage presented by
me and you I'm joined right now by caps
to talk a little bit about how MSI is
going for him so far
caps unfortunately we're just coming off
of a loss for this interview but other
than that things seem to be looking
pretty good for fnatic especially after
yesterday what do you think of sort of
the strength of your team hmm
so I feel like right now we have a
really innovative level once which I
love games
I think our macro from ahead is really
good except for this game I guess but I
feel like we still have some problems
with the draft which have I said a few
days like it's just like we're not
really sure in what matchups we want to
play and we're not sure of what exactly
matches want to draft into and I feel
like it's still hurting us a bit but I
feel like our all place is really strong
Alana's good and we're good at
snowballing from ahead yeah I feel like
you are getting a ton of attention at
this tournament people people really
excited to watch you play people talking
about you other players yesterday I
interviewed Shahu he said that he feels
like you are one of the better mid
laners at this event so how do you feel
about your personal performance and sort
of the attention that you're getting so
I'm really happy that I'm getting love
attention I feel like going to this
tournament
it was pretty obviously there was like
so many strong 80s so I had to step up a
lot and I feel like towards the end of
playoffs actually like the way around
week eight or nine abigail became really
sick of LCS but then I became like good
just like a week before semi finals and
I feel like there were my play really
started to to go really well and in I
don't feel like I showed off exactly
what I was on stage because scrims are
going like completely stomps and I feel
like I was out performing every likeéyou
midlane and screams and because of that
I was really comfortable confident
coming into this tournament and I'm just
happy that that is showing yeah what
what about that Kings on game history
because I didn't I have a chance to talk
to any of the fnatic players after that
King zone is hyped up almost almost a
level of SKT before this event why you
know what is it
what was that match like for them and
how are you guys able to take him down
so I was a bit worried going into King
zone especially as we went 0 2 and I
feel like PD is if you wanna talk about
me strong we didn't stand he said lot
stronger I mean it's just it's really
strong mid laner right yeah especially
compared to a lot of other elements at
this tournament so I was a bit worried
going into this tournament
I think our draft was not the best again
but we just ended up having like a
really crazy level 1 which ended up just
like snowballing from it and throughout
the whole game we were so pumped we were
super hyped we had to calm down a lot
and we managed to end it so yeah and end
it you did what do you think of them
like are they are they worthy of that
kind of like SKT level hype or are they
more vulnerable I mean we saw them to
lose earlier today as well I think he
else k they look really dominant and
usually I mean Korea is obvious the
strongest region so that kinda says a
lot but I think I'm not sure what I said
he was going wrong from them but it
looks like they have a lot of have a hot
side when penis that's falling behind
and I think they even lost to flash
rules today so they just seem really
does seem really weak when they have
behind and for some reason they're
falling behind right now and yesterday
was the one and I didn't succeed Lee
what happened flash was games but
they're now falling behind there again
and they just don't feel comfortable I
guess ok now I'm gonna ask a little bit
of a bias question Team Liquid okay they
managed to win earlier today but what is
it because I'm talking to some of the
other fnatic players there's a sense
that Team Liquid is supposed to be much
better than that what they're showing on
stage maybe you can get me a little bit
of context on what you think is
happening or or if it's true like are
they actually better than what we've
been seeing I'm not sure I don't really
haven't seen all the games I feel like
when we played against them it kind of
went as I expected
so in that game they didn't seem
stronger than than what I expected I
think that draft was pretty weak against
us but other than that I think that's
actually we're not talking about some of
my teammates I feel like that's what I
love people talking about I felt like
they haven't done
and the different teams so they didn't
know what the different players may know
what their favorite champions are but
but yeah I mean it's the best ones right
so it can go either way and I don't feel
like that necessarily underperforming
it's just thick the coin is going one
way you know I know you just had your
last test now but you know what do you
think fanatics chances are of making it
to Paris and playing in front of the
Parisian crowds so I think you need like
four or five wins - probably secure
around that so I've I'm pretty confident
going into the the the last like the
next week the next two days and then
guess we need to grab like least half of
the wins which I feel like we should be
able to do the problem just comes from
some of the better teams like I think
like flash wolves perform really well
Angie we lose - even though the above
the games felt like we should have won
them and then Kingston even though we
beat them last time
still a really strong team so I feel
like we have a lot of preparation to do
but but hopefully we have some surprises
if we make it less caps at the end of
this interview here anything that you
want to say to all the fans out there
that are hyping you up or like caps the
international medley and godlike
anything you want to say to any of those
folks out there I want to say thanks for
everyone I have gotten so much support I
feel like it's it's crazy back when I
was in China there's so many Chinese
fans and now we go MSI and there's so
many just online fans I suppose that
this really is superb my playstyle very
good well congratulations so far on your
progress sorry for the last day but
looking forward to seeing you guys turn
around tomorrow for everyone else you
can check out the rest of my coverage of
all things eSports right here on my
youtube channel in these troubled days
we have to figure out what we really
stand for and who we want to support
and I think there's a chance that maybe
you might be a nurse in supporting me
and if that's something you're
interested in you can do so at Travis
Khafre coms have support and patreon.com
slash Travis Kathryn